What do you mean?
I'm sorry, what's wrong?
I don't know.
I'm afraid.
What do you mean?
What is wrong?
I'm afraid.
What are you doing?
What is wrong?
What do you mean?
How come this was important to people?
Because it's a lesson to all these people.
I think it's important to realize that this is a lesson like this.
Because it's the first time we have to speak,
but it's the first time I've seen it.
That could be true, but it is.
And you decided to start learning?
But you don't know about it.
They start learning to say something like that.
I said,
I'm not going to not answer that.
I'm talking a lot about it because it's something you can't say.
But I'm not going to school like this.
Kate, you're not a saint.
I'm not a saint.
You're a saint.
I can't say anything.
I'm a saint.
You're a saint.